FILM MADE WITH
FISCAL STIMULUS EFICINE 189
Flex.
One, two, turn.
Open, head up.
Flex.
Shoulders down. Open.
One, two.
Approach straight up. Flex.
Approach straight up.
Nine.
Those are my girls!
Nine. Nine point five.
Nine. Eight point five.
Nine. Nine point five. Eight point five.
Divers for the next round,
please check in...
Oh, shit! Damn, girl!
You rock, girl!
Very good! Go get some rest.
Tizoc, ten!
Chile, three. Carlos, check Tizoc out.
- Come on, girls!
- Very good entry.
- Hey, how did you feel?
- Good.
- A bit weak.
- No, it was good.
Don't relax, just flex.
Tizoc Reyes, silver medalist
of the last Pan American Games.
Ten!
Come on, Tizoc!
Judges?
Seven point five, eight, seven.
Seven point five, seven point five.
Eight, seven point five.
One, two.
Let's start with women's
10m synchronized diving.
From Mexico City,
Mariel Saenz and Alejandra Moreno.
Forward somersault
with one-half twist in position B.
- Ready?
- Ready.
One, two.
Get her out!
Quickly!
- Get her out!
- Doctor!
Patient with probable spinal cord injury.
Copy, on standby.
AMBULANCE
- I'm coming.
- What are you doing, Mariel?
- Everybody's arriving now.
- I said I'm coming.
Welcome!
- Where's the birthday girl?
- Today is...
- So silly!
- What did you do?
He's swimming
the 100m butterfly in a minute...
Hi!
You're not silly at all!
- Of course it has!
- Gold for gold.
- Don't disappoint me.
- Let's see the video.
Sure!
- Hey, how's Ale doing?
- She's fine.
What did the doctor say?
Cut that, girl!
Let's see the video!
Video!
At just 15 years old,
Mariel Saenz already has an Olympic medal.
No fear!
- Mom, that's you!
- Yes, it's me, honey.
You two are very much alike.
A great achievement for Mexico's sport!
And that's it!
Mariel Saenz wins an Olympic bronze medal.
- There's my girl!
- You were so young!
Mariel Saenz is ready for a new challenge.
She's a rising star for our country!
This jump will define
Mexico's type of medal.
- Where are you going?
- I know it by heart, mom.
- We want the gold!
- Shut up!
What are you doing?
It's the best part of the video.
I know.
- Want some?
- No. When is Ale coming back?
She sprained her neck
and pulled her triceps.
No.
- She won't train for a while.
- Will she go to the FINA Cup?
No.
If we don't go to the FINA Cup,
we won't qualify for the Olympics!
Calm down!
Hey, you and Ale earned
a place in the FINA Cup
with your victory at the Pan Am Games.
So don't worry, the places are guaranteed.
But not necessarily for you two.
What do you mean?
Mariel, don't be so childish,
you're not a child.
You know perfectly well what I mean.
Those places don't belong
to specific people.
Those places are for Mexico.
The Federation decides who they're for.
Sure, yes.
- So?
- So you will be diving for the Cup.
But not with Ale.
With who?
There's a very talented young girl
whose 10m dive is awesome.
A girl? How old is she?
Like you in Barcelona, 14.
Are you kidding me? You can't compare!
Are you the only prodigy in the world?
These will be my last Olympics, Braulio!
I'll be 30 in the next ones
and I won't be able to compete.
The injury took me out of Sydney,
I lost the bronze in the last ones.
I won't get another chance.
I don't want to ruin it
with a girl who doesn't know
what she's doing.
I've been coaching her for one year.
Only one year?
So in one year
she's learned what she needs
to compete against the world's elite?
If I'm telling you she can do it,
it's because she can.
No, you just want her to get experience
and you're putting her with me
so she can go to her first cup.
No, honey,
I want you to put the Mexican team
before your stupid ego.
I don't want to look like a fool
in Athens with a dumb girl.
- I won't compete in those conditions.
- All right.
Don't do it.
And that's it.
Seriously, Braulio?
Seriously, Mariel.
Instead of one, I'll get two.
I'm sorry, we don't have
this kind of antibiotics.
I can check with the other stores.
Two bottles of Tylenol, please.
You can pay at the cash register.
60 pesos, please.
Tizoc, and the rest of the team?
In the pool.
They want to become artists.
As the team has to keep going,
we've invited a very talented girl
to be Mariel's partner.
Her name is Nadia
and she's 14, she's brilliant.
Nadia!
She's 14, just the same age Mariel was.
Look, this is Pati.
- Hi, Nadia, how are you?
- Good.
How do you feel here?
It feels like a dream.
Fuck.
- Are you okay, Mariel?
- Yes.
Just a fucking cramp.
It's the third urinary infection
in two months.
Wait, I'll sterilize this.
Let's see. Spread.
Spread more.
I know it hurts, but you have to trust me.
If I don't do it now,
it'll get worse later.
There you go.
- Better?
- Yes.
Okay, can you get down a bit, please?
Don't stop taking the antibiotics
in the middle of the treatment.
How many times have we been through this?
How come you keep getting in trouble?
If the infection affects your kidneys,
it'll get complicated.
What you're doing is dangerous,
you can cause antibiotic resistance...
Hey, girl!
I'm sorry, I'm running late!
Mariel!
Wait up! Give me two minutes, just that!
I'm running late!
I know, but I won't delay you.
Two minutes.
- Girl!
- Okay.
Let's stop arguing.
The truth is that I...
I'm not a golden coin
Braulio.
To be of everyone's liking
I was born like this and this is how I am
If they don't like me, whatever!
Shut up!
Please!
- Damn, girl!
- You're so ridiculous.
Damn, girl!
Look.
Happy birthday.
I didn't give it to you at the party
because you were crazy.
Will you wear it?
It's a gold nugget.
You and me are a team, girl.
I would never do anything to hurt you.
If I expect too much of you,
it's because you can do that and more.
Together against the world. Right?
Right.
What?
Mom, why didn't you wake me up?
They canceled the training session.
What do you mean they cancelled it?
There's a crazy woman making a fuss.
What?
She says Braulio did
things he shouldn't have.
Seriously, I'm sorry.
This is not a good time...
What's happening with the tournaments?
In two weeks,
my daughter is going to Tijuana.
Seriously, I'm sorry. I apologize.
I'll let you know as soon as I can.
Who knows? We need to know.
- What's happening?
- They suspended Braulio.
Why?
He's been accused of sexual abuse.
Mariel!
Mariel, are you okay?
Approach straight up.
Flex.
One, two. Look for the angle.
No way, it's not fair.
If they accuse you of anything,
you don't have any rights,
you don't even have
the benefit of the doubt.
That bitch fucked me up! She fucked me up!
Girl, don't leave, please.
I need help.
I don't know what to do or where to go.
You know this will always be your home.
Thank you. I went to the Olympic Center.
They slammed the door in my face
and treated me like a leper.
I have a close relationship
with all the kids.
Of course, how could it be different?
They live there,
and most parents live outside the city.
We take care of them, we see them grow,
we nurse them when they get hurt or sick.
We know them better than anyone.
And you know, girl,
sports get the best out of you,
but also the worst.
And if we as coaches ignore that,
if we could not accept them as they are,
with all that they are...
But for them to say that I'm...
I have a daughter, for goodness' sake!
How can they believe
I'm capable of doing such a thing?
- Nobody believes that.
- Yes, they do.
You saw it, Mariel.
Precisely on the day
that I get Nadia to join the main team,
her crazy mother makes a scandal.
Why?
Because she doesn't want her to leave!
Because her husband left her years ago,
and if her daughter leaves too,
she'd be all alone.
It's unfair to fuck
someone over like this,
to take everything away,
just because you can't stand
to see her happy.
I'm not the kind of person they say I am.
Girl...
Tell me you know that.
Braulio,
you're the best man
I've ever met in my life.
Tomorrow I'll go talk to the Federation.
She can't ruin
the reputation of a man like you
just because she doesn't know
what she wants.
What if you talk to her?
You know Braulio better than anyone.
Tell her what kind of man he is
and all he has done for you.
Analia is right.
Maybe then she'll realize
the damage she's causing.
She's a diver because of you.
Really?
She must have been eight when she saw you
for the first time on a TV show
and, since then,
she never got off the springboard.
- So, why are you here?
- I came to see how Nadia is.
Nadia is angry.
Up until recently,
it didn't matter how badly
she wanted to be an adult
or independent or things like that.
There was always a moment
when she was a child again.
But then, one day,
my little girl wasn't there anymore.
It's just that
the moment when she indulged herself
in being a child is gone.
And instead,
something obscure arose.
A void.
Are you sure
that something really happened?
I am sure my daughter is not the same.
We're going to the Olympics.
There's nothing ordinary about that.
And Braulio
has to teach Nadia and me how to control
our minds and bodies.
And he's the best in doing so.
He's been training
the country's best divers for 20 years.
But for that,
it's necessary to build trust
and to be close to the team members
and that may be misconstrued.
Yes, but there must be limits,
and no one has the right to cross them.
Braulio doesn't cross them.
Don't confuse your fears with the truth.
You could ruin her life
and maybe that of a man
who wants Nadia
to develop to her full potential.
She's not the only one.
There were more complaints.
Who else complained?
They're from a few years ago.
Well, I've been
training with Braulio for 15 years
and never heard of anything,
so that can't be true.
Has that man ever done
anything to make you feel uncomfortable?
- No.
- No?
Braulio saw me.
When all adults were minding
their own business,
he saw me.
Without him, I would be
nothing more than...
a broken person.
I was everything he dreamed of.
He's in love
with everything we can create.
That's why he cares about her.
He wouldn't have spoken
to her if he didn't think so.
Don't take away your daughter's chance
of working with someone
who really sees her.
The Olympic Committee
has already started an investigation.
If they confirm that everything's okay,
I won't get in my daughter's way.
But I need to be sure
that my daughter is safe.
Do you get me?
Thanks for stopping by.
Your daughter can make it
to the Olympics this year.
Not many people have
that chance at Nadia's age.
She can't do it without Braulio.
I can't make it without Braulio.
Please, think about what you're doing.
Come on. One, two, three.
Focus, Nadia. You know.
More control in take-off and stop.
That's enough. That's it.
- Come on, once again.
- No, Nadia. That's enough.
- Again.
- One, two, three. Arms.
One, two.
Stiff. Up. Face. Then in, okay?
- Ready?
- Focus, Nadia!
- Braulio.
- Easy.
Nadia!
- What are you doing here, Braulio?
- Watching.
They told me not to go to the pool,
- but didn't mention the seats.
- Let's work.
I'm sorry, Braulio,
I swear it wasn't me. I swear.
Go to the springboard.
You have to believe me. I told her
not to come and she didn't listen.
I have nothing to say.
- Braulio, look at me!
- Don't touch me.
- Braulio, please.
- Let go.
It wasn't me!
Nadia, get off me!
What's with you? Are you crazy?
Are you sick? Are you trying to tease me?
Get out of here!
Go to work! Get out!
- Springboard work! Get out!
- Braulio, outside.
This is my pool, Gerardo.
I built this place.
I know, my friend. Let's go to my office.
Come with me, please.
You can't treat me like this!
- Come on.
- My team needs me!
It's not fair
that a fucking kid ruins everything!
It's not just about my reputation!
I'm talking
about the upcoming Olympic Games!
Mariel, your last Olympics
will get fucked up
because of that fucking liar!
That's not fair! Not fair!
Do you like tomato sauce?
I can make one with olive oil and salt.
My mom makes it in advance,
because after the training sessions,
I'm starving and I could eat a horse.
Would you like tomato sauce
or olive oil and salt?
I think you'll like the olive oil better.
Whatever you like.
- Let's go eat in my room, it's better.
- Okay.
- I hope you like the pasta.
- It looks yummy.
Come on in.
Come on in, sit down.
Wow, I didn't know we had already met.
You have articles from when I...
You were 12. Those...
I'm so stupid, I fucked up again.
- Easy.
- No, I'm so stupid.
No, it's my fault.
I'll help you. Easy.
Everything will be okay. What's wrong?
It's fine.
No, nothing is okay.
What? Everything will be okay.
What's happening? Let me help you.
It was my fault.
What was your fault?
- Everything was my fault.
- What are you talking about?
I wrote some stuff, all bullshit
that was not meant to be read
by anyone, not even my mom.
- What did you write?
- It doesn't matter.
Tell me what you wrote.
I won't tell anybody. Tell me.
Things that didn't happen,
things I imagined.
- It's all my fault...
- Nadia, honey!
I'm home!
Are you okay?
Who gave you permission to enter?
Don't treat me like that.
Mariel, it's late.
Yes.
- What happened?
- Why do you always ruin everything?
- Honey, please!
- Get out of my room!
- Come on, Poncho, don't be mean.
- It's not allowed.
You know no visits are allowed
after 10:00 p.m.
I'm not a visitor, I'm family.
How long have we known each other?
Yes, right?
It's been many years, Ms. Mariel.
- Come in.
- That's all, Poncho. Thank you!
It's true.
You don't see it,
but the last thing you said,
"For Mexico!"
- What else was I supposed to say?
- "We'll thrive and succeed!"
- No, it's okay.
- Imagine...
- "To my coaches"?
- Sure!
- "To Carlos"?
Yes, well, I don't know!
Let's hear you.
"Sir, could you explain to us
what makes you a good coach?"
- Yes.
- The cameras are on.
All the world is watching you.
Here I go.
Mariel...
What are you doing here?
That's what I'd like to know.
I'm going to ruin everything, Carlos.
I'm gonna fuck it up
and I'll lose the medal again.
No, Mariel. What do you mean by "again"?
Forget it, I'm too drunk.
No, Mariel. What do you mean by that?
When did you fuck it up? You never do.
- Yes, I do.
- No.
- Wanna see?
- Mariel.
- Want to see?
Mariel, what will you do?
Come, I'll show you
how I always fuck it up.
- Wanna see?
- What are you doing?
- It's stronger than me.
Don't worry,
Poncho is a bit deaf, he won't hear us.
So what?
Do you remember Tampico?
That doesn't have anything
to do with this.
Come here!
Stop. See? You're too drunk.
- I'm not drunk.
- What?
You have to be careful.
Mariel, what are you doing?
Let's go, please!
Mariel, please, let's go.
- Let's go!
- No. What happened?
What happened is that we're too drunk.
Wait up, come here.
Don't be a pussy, come here.
Fuck!
Mariel, let's go.
- Mariel, this isn't funny. Let's go!
- Okay.
Let's go!
Come, help me.
Yes, let's go!
No, Mariel!
Are you crazy?
This is not right!
Are you crazy, Mariel?
Like this.
Okay.
Who's there?
You've got to be kidding me!
Come.
Carlos.
Where are you? Here you are. Let's see.
Let's see. Here you are.
Mariel, what are we going to do with you?
- Can you give me something stronger?
- Not so close to the games.
You already know that.
Come in.
- They are starting.
- Coming.
- You can't go like this.
- I'm okay.
It's about to start.
- And the rest?
- They didn't dare to come.
- Sure?
- Sure.
I'm sorry.
We are about to start. Please, be seated.
Good morning, everyone.
Thank you for being here.
I appreciate the assistance
of so many important athletes.
I know you've made
a great effort to be here,
so we'll start this trial
to investigate Nadia Alfaro's case.
Excuse me, Mr. Vice President,
the ones who were going
to testify haven't arrived yet.
Could we wait for them?
Mrs. Rivas,
we've been waiting for 40 minutes.
If they had wished to come,
they would've arrived.
The process should be fair for everyone.
Mr. Peralta brought
all his people to testify.
No, excuse me, they are not "his people,"
they are his colleagues.
They are the most respected athletes
in this field,
and they came here to talk
about their experience with their coach.
I think your suggestion
that they or the Federation commit
objectionable acts is inappropriate.
I don't suggest anything,
I just ask you to be fair.
- I don't want to do this.
- Let me do the talking.
- May I speak?
- Of course, say what you need.
Nothing what my mom is saying is true.
Honey, don't do this. That is not true.
She wants us to move back
with my grandparents.
That's the reason.
Honey, don't do this.
Mrs. Rivas, you have already spoken.
Now is Nadia's turn.
Nadia is a minor,
and she can't speak for herself.
Of course I can speak by myself.
Speak.
Everything is a lie.
Let's go home.
All the horrible things she says
about Braulio aren't true.
Just because my life is better than hers.
I want to be here, I want to live here.
You are my real family.
Mrs. Rivas, clearly, something
in your home isn't right.
I think you should take care
of what's happening inside your family
before making accusations outside of it.
The Olympic Center is a safe place.
It always has been for all athletes.
Mr. Peralta is one
of the most respected members.
And up until now, we never heard anything
so as to continue with his suspension.
No one has testified,
not even your own daughter.
Our community is appalled.
These are very delicate moments.
We are just a few weeks away
from the Olympic Games,
and we can't risk our team's performance
due to an athlete's personal problems.
- You can't do this.
- Mrs. Rivas, please.
- You don't...
- Don't do this to me!
- Stop it!
- Baby, tell them the truth.
Let go off me!
If you won't listen, I'll talk to my dad.
Nadia!
Put this there, kiddo.
- You'll drop it and you'll see.
- No.
Your mom will get angry.
You'll drop them!
That's missing.
- I have extra silverware.
- Just put them in the drawer.
- Like this?
- Yes.
Put some here and here.
- The doorbell.
- Like this.
- They are here.
- Thank you, my friend.
Honestly, thank you very much.
Welcome!
- Hey, beautiful!
- Hi!
How are you?
There's exquisite food tonight.
We're so glad you came.
You look so good today!
Girl.
And on top of it, I love Greek food!
Come on!
Let's go to Greece, then.
Let's go to Greece, right?
Yes, let's go.
For Mariel's games. She'll win gold.
No, honey, I have to work.
You always have to work. No, we are going.
I'm a simple man, I don't need anything.
Girl, I'm a simple man, right?
- If you say so.
- No, seriously.
No, I don't need anything.
I just need a reason
to wake up in the morning,
a job to come back home and rest,
and a family that supports me.
That's it, that all.
In fact, I'd like
to thank you, girl,
because although you were little,
you gave me a great gift.
You chose me to be your family,
part of your family.
And I want to thank you too, darling,
because you never lost your faith in me.
Thank you.
And thank you.
- And you too.
- My sincere gratitude.
Cheers! Thank you all for being my family!
Cheers!
I got kind of emotional.
- Hi. All good?
- Hi. Yes
MEXICAN SWIMMING FEDERATION
- From college or what?
- Yes, college.
Yu-Gi-Oh! cards.
- Bring the cards.
- All right.
Come on!
You can leave now! Good luck!
I'll sit with Braulio now.
On the way back, I'll sit with you.
- How are you?
- Good.
- Excited?
- Yes, so excited.
Your mother in law is after you!
Bus driver.
No, a cooler one!
Three, two, one. Eggs with oil
Eggs with oil
And ham
How could you?
They think engagement rings
But I can only think of Olympic rings
Welcome to Guadalajara!
- We have the afternoon free!
- To the pool!
Go to the pool.
I'll help with your homework.
- Okay.
- Good.
I can't believe it! Let's see this!
Terrific, man.
- Ask for ice!
- We already sent Alan!
- Is this a joke?
- Nadia, to the second floor?
Are you kidding? Go change!
How's the water?
Let's go, Mariel.
The boys told me
the last one pays for the beer.
This is so cool!
I love it!
- I want this bed.
- Sure.
Braulio told me you've been here before.
- Yes, we come almost every year.
- So cool.
I love the hotel.
We'll all be downstairs in the pool.
Are you coming?
I think I'll stay here and rest.
I'm not feeling good.
But this will be so cool,
we'll all be downstairs.
How do I look?
Very good.
Let me know
in case you need anything, okay?
Okay.
- Nadia!
- Come here!
Look!
I didn't finish high school
and I'm a success.
- Come here!
- No, we'll be studying.
Don't listen to them.
You'll end up like that.
I'm coming!
Come here!
Okay, so, where were we?
We placed a bookmark. Here, perfect.
Number two.
"It is a geometric locus"
formed by a set of points
that are at the same distance
"from another fixed point, the center."
Good evening. Do you have chamomile tea?
Could you send a thermos
with hot water and lots of tea bags?
Thank you.
Hello?
Hello, Irene. Nadia isn't here.
They're all in the pool.
Yes, the whole team.
I can tell her you called.
Yes, it's okay.
Yes, I'll let her know.
Nadia.
Your mom called.
I'll call her back later.
Calm down and drink some beer.
Nadia, it's late. Let's go.
We have to wake up early to train.
Come on.
If you want, we can watch a movie.
What's with you, girl?
Do you want to steal my job as coach?
Cut that!
Don't you remember
you were just like her at her age?
No one buys your goody-two-shoes act.
Please, a beer for Sister Mariel!
- Here, just one sip.
- I always remind you.
Drink it!
Apologies if I offended you, Mother!
Apologies, Mother, if I offended you!
Nadia?
From Guadalajara, Luis Caballero
and Jesus Crespo Ruiz.
You roll because you're going face down.
Keep it up.
- Come on!
- Let's go!
You can do it!
Judges?
Execution. Seven point five,
seven point five,
seven, seven point five.
Synchronization. Seven, seven point five,
seven, seven.
Thank you, judges. Thank you, competitors.
Next, we'll begin
women's 10m synchronized diving.
Approach straight up!
Flex!
One and a half turn
and front layout in position B.
Nadia, are you okay?
What happened?
Not now, Mariel, please. Ready?
Ready?
Two, three.
Judges?
Execution. Six point five, six point five,
eight, eight.
Synchronization. Five, six,
five point five, five point five.
Let's pack, we're leaving now.
Let's pack!
When you finish, go to my room.
I need to talk to you.
Okay.
Come in, it's open.
Come in. Close the door.
If you are going to get mad...
What? Get mad?
You tell me how I should feel.
I don't feel good.
I couldn't sleep at all.
I think I have a fever.
I did my best.
- I didn't mean to do that.
- Of course you did.
You told me that you never
wanted to work with Nadia.
No, I told you
I didn't want someone so young,
and that these would be my last games.
Look how things worked out now.
Now, you're going
to your last games thanks to Nadia
because what you did today was bullshit.
You've been doing a shitty job lately.
The level of difficulty of the dive
prevented you from being disqualified.
Look, you're a talented girl.
There's no doubt about it,
but you don't have guts.
You made it through one Olympics.
Only one. And what about the rest?
You were disqualified
for a stupid mistake.
And the rest?
You didn't even get on the plane, Mariel!
You can't handle the pressure!
If you want to sabotage yourself,
I'm sorry for you,
but it's your choice, your decision.
But you're ruining a little girl's chance
who's just beginning because you're afraid
she'll do better than you.
That's twisted, Mariel.
I didn't mean to!
I've been sick several weeks.
And why are you sick?
Because you're fucking everyone again!
That's why.
What?
You thought I wouldn't know
you fucked Carlos the other night?
- Carlos was not supposed to...
- It wasn't Carlos. It wasn't him!
Alicia told me you've got
the weird infection again.
We all know everything, girl.
And with you,
it's the same old story once and again.
You can't stop fucking,
as you can't stop screwing up your life
and the lives of those around you.
The Federation wants to get rid of you.
They say you're too old.
But I asked them
to give you another chance.
I said Nadia and you
were the perfect team,
that there's nothing better.
- Thank you.
- And you fucked it up today!
- Help me, please!
- Please, don't cry.
- I swear I can do it.
- Don't make a scene!
- Forgive me, Braulio!
- Calm down, for goodness' sake.
Go to the bathroom!
- Wash your face and calm down!
- Sorry!
- I don't want them to see you like this.
- Okay.
Stupid girl!
Are you okay?
Yes!
- More at ease now?
- Yes.
I need to rest a bit more.
I swear I won't fuck up anymore.
I hope so, girl.
Seriously.
Yes.
Nadia?
I'm almost ready!
Tell them I won't take long!
Okay!
Let's go now!
- Shall we go?
- Yes, I'll be right there.
- My friend.
- You did it by a whisker.
At least we qualified.
- Daddy!
- Hi, honey!
- Welcome.
- Thanks.
Welcome.
- I missed you so much!
- Me too.
Welcome. Felix.
Where's your mommy?
I like having our secret.
He asked if he could touch me.
That had never happened before.
I couldn't speak because
he was kissing me so hard and when...
he started touching my chest.
He had never touched me there.
I WANT TO SCREAM
I would never do anything to hurt you.
Easy, Mariel.
You're burning up.
He was kissing me so hard.
Something started between us.
No one else needs to know.
Why don't you call the doctor, Gerardo?
If the fever increases,
she has to go to the hospital.
He told me he'd teach me how to feel.
They say it's not a problem.
If she trains at least for two weeks...
I know her, Braulio.
Damn, Mariel! Fuck!
I'd leave everything for you, Mariel.
I swear.
Flex here.
That's right!
Long. Push the platform.
Very good.
Good, Mariel. Come on!
Come on, stretch your leg.
Push it in. That's right.
Hard. That's right.
Nadia is not training?
Weren't we a team?
Nadia has been working this whole time.
You're the one who has to catch up.
Yes, but we're diving together,
and I have to train with her.
No, honey, what you need is
to do what I tell you to, okay?
- Braulio, I can...
- No. Who's the coach here? You?
Mariel, will you tell us all what to do?
Will you coach the team now?
That's all I needed!
I'm giving you a chance.
Don't push my buttons and get to work!
No one is giving me a chance.
I'm here because I've earned it.
Get down!
Get down from the platform right now!
Get down, Mariel!
I'm telling you to get down!
All right! You're done.
I came to train with my partner.
- You're done for today.
- We're only weeks away...
- Get out of the pool!
- from the Olympics!
Get out right now or you'll be expelled!
What do you say? Right now!
Get out!
And don't think of coming here
if you're not willing
to follow my fucking orders!
Would you like to eat anything?
Gerardo took your siblings to a game.
- Are you okay, Yeya?
- Not now, Mom.
What's going on, honey?
Please, I want to be alone.
What's going on, Mariel?
I don't want to talk right now.
We have to talk.
I won't let you do what you always do.
What I always do?
What the fuck are you talking about?
You're sabotaging yourself.
The Olympic Games are near,
and you've become self-destructive.
Where did you get that shit from?
Braulio called this afternoon
and said you were out of control.
Leave before anything happens.
I'm not going anywhere
until you explain to me
why you're destroying
everything you've built.
- Stop it, for fuck's sake!
- Don't talk to me like that!
You want to know
what's happening? All right!
The great mystery
is that you were there, right?
Every year, in every fucking tournament,
you were there.
Or he was here, because he's family,
because we're a fucking happy family.
How could you not know, Mom?
"Easy, girl, you rock here."
"If you make a good dive,
"I'll make you feel real good."
"I'll teach you how to be my woman."
What's wrong with you?
"You taste so good, girl."
You're messed up.
"You'll never find someone like me."
How can you say something so appalling?
- "I can't live without you, girl."
- You're so sick!
Didn't you want to know
what was going on?
That's what happened,
right under your fucking nose,
the whole time.
Why did you let me go to Monterrey?
You were supposed to take care of me.
Mom!
You scared me to death!
Sorry.
- Nadia was worried too.
- Why?
"Why?" You're a team, right?
Are you ready to do team work
or are we still having issues?
No issues.
Stop, Braulio, let me go!
I'll see you in 20 at the pool.
Everybody to the pool!
Remember, arms, with strength!
Approach straight up. Jump!
Like that!
Again!
Nadia, your face! That's right!
Please, focus!
You're not in sync, please!
Push the platform.
Rib tuck. Look for the water and flex.
- Who told you to stop?
- Nadia is tired.
Did I tell you to stop?
Come on! We can't be doing this all day!
Watch out! You were ahead.
If you want to chat, go to a caf!
Arms! With strength!
Again!
You count.
One, two.
- Damn! That's worth the gold!
- Come on, team!
Motherfucker! Excellent, I see gold now!
Did you pack already?
I already packed mine.
My dad says that's ridiculous,
because me and my mom pack
two days before the trip
so we don't forget anything.
Do you think it'll be cold?
- I searched on the Internet...
- I know about Braulio.
I don't know what you mean.
The same happened to me.
Nadia.
Nadia, please, let me help you.
I don't need your help.
What he's doing is wrong.
He's our coach. He's an adult.
And you're a little girl.
I'm not a little girl.
You're 14, I was your same age.
But I was all alone, and you are not.
- You don't get what happens between us.
- I perfectly get it.
He's telling you that you rock,
that you're special
and there's no one like you,
that you must keep the secret
because they won't get it.
I perfectly know what he's telling you.
Braulio was right.
He said you'd try to screw everything up.
You're so damn jealous! I don't care!
Back from Greece,
we'll get married and he'll be with me.
He's leaving his wife.
What happened?
You have to take a shower.
Today's the press conference.
Braulio came to see you.
He's downstairs.
He wants to talk to you.
He called last night.
I think you need
to apologize to him, Mariel.
We're so close, honey.
- If you came to threaten me...
- No, Mariel.
I came to apologize.
Forgive me.
Forgive me, please.
I was so confused.
And now I realize
that I've become a monster.
I am a human being
with flaws and weaknesses,
but I don't want that to justify
all the damage I've done,
especially to you, girl.
Forgive me, please.
You're Mariel.
My Mariel.
We had a very special relationship, girl.
And I miss it.
I miss it so much.
I need you.
And I know you need me too.
You and I are meant for each other.
Please.
Let's give ourselves another chance.
We have to be together.
Don't you ever touch me again...
in your fucking life.
Don't ever touch me again.
Do you want your medal?
Don't you dare touch her.
If you get close to her again,
I'll tell everything to everyone.
I don't give a fuck
if my life goes down with yours.
I mean it.
We want to honor these athletes
who are traveling to Greece tomorrow
to represent Mexico
in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
A round of applause, please!
Bravo!
We're very proud to represent our country.
- My pleasure.
- Good luck, Mariel.
All right, kids, it's time! Let's go!
I'm so proud of you, honey.
Let's go, kids!
Mexico!
Irene.
Forgive me.
From Greece, Eftihia Pappa
and Florentia Sfakianou.
From Mexico, Mariel Saenz
and Nadia Alfaro.
Mariel has achieved the best performance
in her whole career.
We'll see the Mexican duet.
A brilliant duet formed
by expertise and youth.
They'll perform the last dive.
A dive with a great level of difficulty.
They already dominate this technique,
despite the short time
they've been training together.
It's the last dive of the competition.
All Mexico's watching what could be
the first medal
for the Mexican Olympic Team.
I WANT TO SCREAM
I'd have liked to do something before,
but I couldn't.
What? How? This can't be true!
This is really extraordinary!
It doesn't seem to be an injury,
but something must have happened
because Mexico is leaving
without its medal.
Braulio Peralta told me
he'd never met anyone like me,
something that surely
he also told your daughter.
If it hadn't been for Nadia,
I might never have woken up
from this nightmare.
The only thing I can give her
is the truth,
and hope she can run away
before this hell consumes her alive.
Subtitle translation by Mariana G. Bentez